Using comments

HW3_1:
Write a program with the following
1. single line comments in main method
2. Write multiline comments in main method
3. Write java doc comments for method and class



HW3_2:
Create a class with following variables:
1. Define constant for pi.
2. Try defining variables as per variable naming conventions



HW3_3:
Define a variable with each primitive data type.
byte, short, int, long, float, double, boolean, char

Assign value for all the variables. Assign min and max value for all the variables.
Print all variables.


HW3_4 (Arithmetic Operation):
Create a program with the following:
1. Define 2 integer variables. Add these 2 variables and assign it to third variable. Print the value of all 3 variables.
2. Define 2 integer variables. Subtract these 2 variables and assign it to third variable. Print the value of all 3 variables.
3. Define 2 integer variables. Multiply these 2 variables and assign it to third variable. Print the value of all 3 variables.
4. Define 2 integer variables. Divide these 2 variables and assign it to third variable. Print the value of all 3 variables.
	Try with number devided by 0
5. Define 2 integer variables. Print the remender of var1/var2
6. Define 3 integer variables and print sum of these 3 numbers 
7. Define 3 integer variables and add first 2 number and multiple with third number and print the result.


HW3_5 (Unary Operation):
Create a program with the following:
1. Define a variables and increment the variable value using unary operation (+)
2. Define a variables and decrease the variable value using unary operation (-)
3. Define a boolean variable. Invert the boolean value and print the value.


HW3_6 (Equality Operation):
Create a program with the following:
1. Define a 2 variables and print if first number is greater than second
2. Define a 2 variables and print if first number is less than second
3. Define a 2 variables and print if they are equal


HW3_7 Swap value for 2 variables:
Define 2 variables and swap the values and print both variable values.

HW3_8 Swap value for 2 variables without using extra variable:
Define 2 integer variables and swap the values without using 3rd variable and print both variable values.
